Update deserialize-instruction-data.md (#341)
solana-foundation/developer-content: content/courses/native-onchain-development/deserialize-instruction-data.md

[this script](https://github.com/Unboxed-Software/solana-movie-client) or
[the frontend](https://github.com/Unboxed-Software/solana-movie-frontend) we
built in the

> [Serialize Custom Instruction Data lesson](https://solana.com/developers/courses/native-onchain-development/serialize-instruction-data-frontend).
> In both cases, make sure you copy and paste the program ID for your program into
> the appropriate area of the source code to make sure you're testing the right

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Serialize Custom Instruction Data lesson](/content/courses/native-onchain-development/serialize-instruction-data-frontend).
In both cases, make sure you copy and paste the program ID for your program into
the appropriate area of the source code to make sure you're testing the right
```

Reviewer: See https://github.com/solana-foundation/developer-content/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#links

You can test your program by building the
[frontend](https://github.com/Unboxed-Software/solana-student-intros-frontend/tree/solution-serialize-instruction-data)
we created in the

> [Serialize Custom Instruction Data lesson](https://solana.com/developers/courses/native-onchain-development/serialize-instruction-data-frontend)
> and then checking the program logs on Solana Explorer. Remember to replace the
> program ID in the frontend code with the one you've deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Serialize Custom Instruction Data lesson](/content/courses/native-onchain-development/serialize-instruction-data-frontend.md)
and then checking the program logs on Solana Explorer. Remember to replace the
program ID in the frontend code with the one you've deployed.
```
